wii Color Game
	    (started by sktlz_plus)

	The wii color game is an interactive learning game intended for the 1-3 year old 
	video gamer.  It's based on color memorization and verbal communication skill building.  
	The game must be played under supervision.  The baby handler (from here on refered 
	to as handler) is presented with the challege of holding the baby and coaxing the 
	baby to hold the nunchuck.  
	
	[[Current play modes]]
	
	::Learning The Joystick
	Idealy, the handler will be able to get the baby 
	interested in what the joystick does (it changes colors on the screen).  It is 
	important that the handler feign terrific excitement about what happens to the
	screen as the baby touches the joystick (the screen color will change).  Pointing
	at the joystick and moving the babies thumb on the joystick my help keep the baby
	interested.  However, babies are to young to be 'goal oriented' and so the handler
	should not be too overly concerned with how much interest the baby takes in the 
	joystick.  
	
	::Color Shouting
	Another method of play is to simply have the handler change the color of the screen
	and shout out the color being displayed in excitement.  Ideally the baby will pick
	up on the habit and will start shouting colors too!  When the baby says the wrong 
	color, VERY soft feedback can be applied such as, "Sort of!  It's... maybe it's BLUE!"
	
	::Color Trivia
	Simply asking "what color is that?" while pointing the joystick in one of the 8 color zones.  
	
	::Finding Colors
	For older babies, possibly 3 year olds, it may be possible to ask the infant to use
	the joystick to put a color on the screen.  
	
	


::Compile Procedure

1)  You need to install devkitpro to setup your windows environment, then double clicking lesson2.pnproj should load the project with programmer's notepad (installed with devkitpro).  

2)  From there you should be able to press alt+1 to compile the .dol and .elf files.

3)  Then rename them to boot.* and copy them both over to your SD card in SD:/apps/lesson2/.  

4)  Once that's done you should be able to launch "lesson2" from the homebrew channel (version 1.1.0??? I though it had a 7 in it... I might have botched this mod a bit...)
